[BLOCKED] Update Synthetic monitor documentation (#16149)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/guide/synthetic-test-monitors.md

To enable the alerting monitor to renotify, click the toggle left of `If this monitor stays in alert status renotify every` and select a time option from the dropdown menu.

## Enrich your notification message with Synthetic test attributes

> You can include Synthetic test attributes in your notification message. Combined with [monitor conditional variables][9], you can route notification messages to specific teams based on status code, test type, or step name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Synthetic test attributes in your notification message. Combined with [monitor conditional variables][9], you can route notification messages to specific teams based on status code, test type, or step name.
```

The following attribute objects are available:

| Attribute      | What it contains                                           |
|----------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `{{synthetics.attributes}}`            | Information relating to the test configuration, including location and test type. For example `{ "checkType": "browser", "result": { "result": { ... }}, "v": 0, "location": "aws:eu-central-1", "type": "result"}`                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `{{synthetics.attributes}}`            | Information about the test configuration, including location and test type. For example: `{ "checkType": "browser", "result": { "result": { ... }}, "v": 0, "location": "aws:eu-central-1", "type": "result"}`.                                              |
```

> | `{{synthetics.run}}`            | Information relating to the alerting test run, including overall result, errors, and and failing step details. For example `{ "runType": 0, "timeToInteractive": 373, "eventType": "finished", "error": "Element's content should contain given value.", "stepDetails": [ { "duration": 957, "allowFailure": false, "vitalsMetrics": [], "browserErrors": [],"stepId": 3211623, "description": "First step", "isCritical": true, "type": "click", "publicId": "dcr-md7-z8y", "url": "https://example.com/", "skipped": false }], "browserType": "firefox", "duration": 63297, "mainDC": "us1.staging", "startUrl": "https://example.com", "subtype": null, "failure": { "code": "ASSERTION_FAILURE", "message": "Element's content should contain given value." }, "browserVersion": "106.0.3", "passed": false, "device": { "browser": "firefox", "name": "Laptop Large", "width": 1440, "userAgent": "Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/106.0.3 DatadogSynthetics", "id": "firefox.laptop_large", "isMobile": false, "height": 1100 }`                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `{{synthetics.run}}`            | Information about the alerting test run, including overall result, errors, and failing step details. For example: `{ "runType": 0, "timeToInteractive": 373, "eventType": "finished", "error": "Element's content should contain given value.", "stepDetails": [ { "duration": 957, "allowFailure": false, "vitalsMetrics": [], "browserErrors": [],"stepId": 3211623, "description": "First step", "isCritical": true, "type": "click", "publicId": "dcr-md7-z8y", "url": "https://example.com/", "skipped": false }], "browserType": "firefox", "duration": 63297, "mainDC": "us1.staging", "startUrl": "https://example.com", "subtype": null, "failure": { "code": "ASSERTION_FAILURE", "message": "Element's content should contain given value." }, "browserVersion": "106.0.3", "passed": false, "device": { "browser": "firefox", "name": "Laptop Large", "width": 1440, "userAgent": "Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/106.0.3 DatadogSynthetics", "id": "firefox.laptop_large", "isMobile": false, "height": 1100 }`.                                        |
```
